A data story.
Once upon a time, some data was created by a random internet user and abandoned in a sea of unstructured data.
An algorithm passed by and decided to add xml tags to the text, and so it became semi-structured.
A data manager stumbled upon the data and thought it would be relevant for the database users, so she decided to add it to her relational database. 
So it became structured.
Then a cat walked over the data manager's keyboard.
The cat typed kjdsfacm;oi34dc.
The end?
I then thought to myself, "what if I could make this cat do something useful"?
So I asked the cat politely to finish all of my assignments for me and I sat in amazement watching the cat type away.
Later I received my mark of B+ and decided that I did not need to reevaluate my life decisions. 
Yeah no, the cat was actually a witch and decaffeinated all the coffee on Earth.
The world's productivity plummeted.
No one really cared though, and now everyone spends all day picking mushrooms.
Of couse, trained mycologists check that they're safe for consumption.
In the end, this was for the best and everyone thanked the cat.
Ave cat.

The cat was rewarded with a lifetime supply of catnip.
The cat did not appreciate thanks and wanted treats instead.
The cat also wanted a soft blanket to sleep on. 
That is the end of the data story.
or is it? find out on the next episode of data cat!
Something shook up the data manager and he woke up with a shudder.
He just realized that he is back into the spaceship transported back from 'The Matrix'.

Chapter 2 – Data Cat and the Mispronounciation!
Data Cat woke the next morning, bleary eyed, sore joints radiating painful memories from her old bones. 
The late night binge comfort eating a bag of questionably fresh treats was not the way to deal wiht the problem. 
She stepped out of the closet with its peeling paint and empty hangers which chimed quitely when wind whistled
through the dilapidated house. An arching stretch, a yawn. A new plan was coming out of the morning fog in her mind. 
Damn dictionaries - how dare they offer two ways to say her name! How could that old buffoon, so sanctimoniously, defend the idea of saying it, Da-Ta, like a baby calling its parent? Its Day-ta. Every cat worth their coat knew that. 